WPF Project Gallery

Table of Contents
1.	Introduction
2.	Features
3.	Setup Instructions
4.	How to Use
5.	Reservations
6.	Licensing 
7.	Contact


Introduction:
Welcome to the WPF Project Gallery. This project is a WPF application that serves as a gallery for showcasing various WPF-based applications.
It is designed to demonstrate my capabilities in using different technologies such as Object-Oriented Programming (OOP), JSON APIs, And more.

Features:
This gallery includes six projects:
1. Bingo game: The game of chance where player mark off numbers on cards as they are drawn, aiming to complete a specified pattern and win.
2. Memory Game: A classic memory game when two players try to compete how has matched the most pair of animals cards.
3. Pong game: The simple version of the game with Difficulty levels.
4.Tic Tac Tue game:  The classic version with two game mode PvP and PvC.
5. To Do List app: A basic task manager. where you could sort by categories. mark, add, edit and delete.
6. Weather app: Current weather or forecast can be searched by location.

Setup Instructions:
1. Clone the GitHub repository:
   - Open a terminal or command prompt.
   - Navigate to the directory where you want to store the project.
   - Run the following command:
	-  git clone https://github.com/Itamarherr/WPF_Project_Gallery.git
2. Open the project:
   - Navigate to the cloned repository folder.
   - Locate and run the Project_Gallery.exe file.


How to Use:
Launch the application by running Project_Gallery.exe.
Navigate through the gallery to explore the different projects.
Click on a project to open it and engage with its features.

Licensing:
All images used in this project are sourced from the internet or generated by AI. No ownership or copyright is claimed over these images.

For any inquiries or feedback, please reach out:

Contact:
Name: Itamar Herr
Email: itamarherr@gmail.com